Wow!
You...
Joseph!
You two were...
So when you said you were busy,
you meant doing it
with Charles in the...
restroom?
You got it wrong.
He's straight.
Hey.
Just curious...
are you top or bottom?
Wait, can I put it that way?
Hey!
Are you the one inside
or outside?
Take one pill twice a day.
Don't forget,
and don't take more.
Vitamins?
They're not meds.
I changed the bottle.
The club's packed.
You gotta be careful.
Keep it low.
Thanks, bro.
Bro?
To hell with that.
Is your sensitive spot...
here?
Or here?
Or...
Watch your hand!
I'll break your arms!
When you have time,
stimulate these spots more.
It helps with your condition.
Add me on WeChat.
Let's keep in touch
and talk about your treatment.
Gotta go.
Don't forget your
follow-up!
Try to avoid
high-intensity training.
Damn!
Are you freaking crazy?